Hey, well, good morning, everyone.
Really glad that you're here today.
Shout out to those of you joining online and in Aurelia and online, Barry.
I love you, but Aurelia, you know, I really love you.
All right.
I'll see you next week.
Hey, super glad you're here and want to start off with a question for you.
Have you ever felt that you were thriving until comparison killed your momentum?
Have you ever felt like you were just, man, making it happen.
And then comparison just took you out at the knees.
I like going to the gym.
I know you might not be able to tell, but I like going to the gym.
And like some of you who enjoy going to the gym, I can be guilty of skipping leg day.
But a few months ago I was at the gym and I was doing leg day proud of myself, working hard, making it happen.
And I'm at the squat racks working away.
And my friend Julian joins me at the squat rack beside me.
Now Julian is a great guy.
He's also a former division one football player.
Have you ever been doing leg day and had a division one football player line up next to you?
So he's doing his thing and he's putting on plates and I'm doing my thing and I'm not putting on the same amount of plates.
And I'm kind of looking at him and looking at me and like, man, so there's a break in the action.
I say, Julian, what's your squat max?
He goes, mm, 550.
So I'm doing the math in my head.
And he can tell I'm doing the math in my head.
I'm like, that's more than twice as much as my squat max.
And you can tell he's trying to kind of make me feel bad.
He's like, dude, but I respect you, man.
You're here.
You're working.
I'm like, just shut up already.
And I left the gym that day thinking like, man, I don't ever want to do leg day again.
I don't think I'm going to come to the gym anymore.
If you ever thought you were thriving in life until comparison just killed your momentum because it might be a leg day for you.
It might not.
It might be something else.
Maybe you're here and you're a parent.
And you know that when it's a weekday, you're just doing everything you can to get your kid fed and dressed and out the door with the right shoes and the right mittens on in time for school.
You pull up your phone and there's some mom or dad influencer out there with an immaculate home with zero Cheerios in their van carpet.
And on top of it, they seem to have like 17 kids, like way more than you and just everything is fine and perfect and wonderful.
And you're just like, man, am I just half the parent they are?
This is what everyone's thinking about me, that I just am not good enough.
Maybe it's in your job, you value your work and you're working hard and you're making solid money.
And then that serial entrepreneur, say your brother-in-law launches yet another side hustle and is really happy to let the world know that he's making a ton of money in a month and you realize it's more money in a month than you make in a year.
And you're left saying, am I cutting it?
Am I actually that good of a worker?
efforts in my career really make any difference?
Maybe you're here and you're single or you're single again and it's not where you thought you'd be and you've watched siblings and friends fall in love and get married and start families and you're saying, hey, what's wrong with me?
Why can't I find someone to love?
And that's especially difficult now that we're in February because everybody knows February 14th
Singles Awareness Day is coming.
And throughout this series, we've been talking about this reality, about how the algorithm deeply shapes our lives.
And we've talked about how what you focus on actually forms you.
And so often, social media, the internet, other things, is saying you are just not cutting it.
But hey, don't take my word for it.
When you think about how what you focus on forms you, there's this amazing study that Morgan Housel writes about in his book, The Psychology of Money.
And he says that people who live next door to neighbors who win the lottery are far more likely to file for bankruptcy than people who don't.
Can you imagine that?
They just went in the lottery.
Wow, look at the car they're driving now.
Look at the Renault they're doing to their house now.
Look at the trip they're going on now and comparison starts to take over.
And you find yourself on a treadmill that you can't keep up on and it destroys you financially.
What you focus on forms you and comparison can take you out.
And here's the deal.
None of us are immune to comparison.
You might not realize it, but inevitably there's ways, there's people, there's circumstances, relationships that you're wondering in your mind, do I measure up?
Am I good enough?
Why am I not farther ahead?
Why am I not making more?
Why am I not in love yet?
Why don't I fill in the blank?
That's actually why we hosted that survey earlier.
And let's read that question again.
It was, I am most susceptible to comparison when I, and what did you all say?
Let's see what your responses were.
See the romantic, exciting romantic relationships of others, 14%.
I think that'd be higher if I was saying this next Sunday when we're within a week of Valentine's Day.
14%.
Witness the exotic trips and vacations others are taking, 24%.
It's like, you are the people that are like, I wanna go to Mexico, it's cold, I wanna go to Mexico right now.
See someone's career or life milestone, 37%.
Interesting, I resonate with that, that's me.
And four, notice someone's amazing appearance and lifestyle.
So it might be different for different ones of you here, but the truth is comparison is something that impacts all of our lives and the algorithm only makes it worse.
Because it used to be your neighbor or your colleague or your family member that you were comparing yourself to.
Now you can compare yourself to the best in the world in anything.
And the algorithm would love to keep serving that up in front of you.
Say, you think you're fit, look at this guy's body.
You think you're attractive, look at this woman.
You think you've got a nice car?
Look at this guy's car.
Look at this person's house.
Look at this person's vacation.
Look at everything you're missing out on.
You can't be happy, secure, satisfied, until you make it yours.
I want to just invite you to be honest with yourself for a second.
Aren't you sick of that?
Aren't you sick of your master being the number in your bank account?
Aren't you sick of
trying to reach for experiences that you can't actually afford and just inject all kinds of financial stress into your life.
Aren't you sick of constantly wondering if the size of your bicep or the dress size you fit into is what it has to be for you to be valued and respected?
Aren't you sick of questioning if your efforts as a friend or parent or a worker make any difference?
Aren't you sick of being caught up in comparison?
Because anyone who has a phone is constantly faced with an algorithm that is tempting you to live your life based off of someone else's dream for you.
And it's exhausting.
But Jesus intends for you to be free from that.
And that's why what we're gonna study today in this Bible account is so valuable.
And actually why later this morning we're gonna actually give you the chance to respond.
because God's designs for you are far better than living on the hamster wheel of comparison.
We're gonna be checking out a story in Mark 10 starting in verse 17, and I'm gonna read it for us, and we've got it right here.
It says this.
As Jesus was starting out on his way to Jerusalem, remember that, that's gonna come important later, okay?
As Jesus was starting out on his way to Jerusalem, a man came running up to him, knelt down and asked, good teacher, what must I do to inherit eternal life?
Why do you call me good?
Jesus asked, only God is truly good.
Continuing, it says this, but to answer your question, you know the commandments.
You must not murder.
You must not commit adultery.
You must not steal.
You must not testify falsely.
You must not cheat anyone.
Honor your father and mother.
There's some really interesting things going down in the first few seconds of this interaction.
At first, it seems promising.
Here's a guy, he's successful, but he comes to Jesus.
He's seeking out Jesus.
He recognizes that Jesus has something that he lacks.
And we're gonna find out in a few minutes that this guy is incredibly successful.
And he's coming to Jesus saying, what's that one thing, that experience, that possession, that accomplishment, that I can just tack on to my resume, and then I'll have it made.
And Jesus is about to flip this man's understanding of what matters most on its head.
Firstly, when the guy says, good teacher, Jesus challenges that.
Why?
Because religious leaders in the first century, they didn't let anyone call them good because they associated goodness with perfection and holiness.
And only God is truly good, as Jesus says.
So he's already reaching for this man's heart.
Do you know who I am?
Do you know that I'm the Son of God?
That I am good and have the authority to tell you how to live?
You're just trying to flatter me.
What's more, and Jesus is brilliant here, is he starts talking through the commandments.
Now, if you're familiar with the Bible, you may have heard about the 10 commandments, okay?
They show up in the Old Testament, and there's obviously 10, but four of the 10 have to do with humanity's vertical relationship with God, and six of the 10 have to do with humanity's relationship with one another.
And so Jesus zeroes in on those commands about humanity's relationship to one another, but you may have noticed he only lists
five of the six.
This is because he knows who he's talking to and he's wanting to get to the great issue at this man's heart.
You see, Jesus understands that this guy is consumed with appearance and what people think of him and he's comparing himself to others and competing and trying to be the most successful in all kinds of area of life.
And this is what's so important here is that new life in Jesus is firstly,
about inner transformation, not outward performance.
Jesus is reaching for this man's heart.
So Jesus asks him, how are you doing with these commandments?
And I'll be honest with you, the dude's kind of cocky.
Like look at his response starting in verse 20.
This is what the guy says.
He says, teacher, the man replied, I've obeyed all these commandments since I was young.
Can you imagine a dude being like, hey, how are we as a person?
And be like, I am crushing it.
I am a wonderful, morally upright.
I'm probably the best citizen you've ever made.
Okay, the guy's kind of a little bit arrogant, okay?
Since I was young, looking at the man, Jesus felt genuine love for him.
Jesus feels compassion for you and me in the ways that we get caught up with external things.
There's still one thing you haven't done, he told him.
In continuing, Jesus says, go and sell all your possessions and give the money to the poor and you will have treasure in heaven.
Then come follow me.
You see, the one commandment that Jesus intentionally leaves out in the earlier list is the command not to covet.
And if you don't know what coveting is, it's when you look at what someone has and say, I want that, I need that, I need that car, I need that girlfriend, I need that trip, I need that job, I need that salary so that I can feel secure, valued, important, successful, like my life actually matters.
And Jesus knows if he just says, don't covet, the guy's gonna say, yeah, I'm good, I got it.
So he delves into the reality of covetousness because he knows this man loves his stuff.
He loves his popularity.
He loves his job title.
He loves being known and respected.
He's saying, are you ready to lay that down for what you most desperately need?
Are you willing to give up what you think is important for what actually is eternally important?
You see, this young man experiences a blindness that you and I experience as well.
And that is this reality that comparing outward success conceals inner blindness to your true spiritual need.
You can think, I'm making good money.
I've got a great house, maybe a cottage in Muskoka.
I'm driving a great car.
I've got a boat.
I've got a seat.
And like none of those things are bad.
But how is your soul?
That was your heart before God.
And Jesus intentionally asks the hard questions and puts this man in a position where he has to choose.
Will he choose to follow Jesus and everything Jesus is inviting him into?
Or will he choose to hold on?
Hold on to his Instagram followers.
Hold on to his 2026 beamer.
Hold on to his fill in the blank.
And this man's response is heartbreaking.
Look what happens in verse 22.
He doesn't even say anything to Jesus.
It says at this, the man's face fell and he went away sad for he had many possessions.
You know, if you've ever visited your family doctor or hired a personal trainer or sat down for a dental appointment, you know that if that professional
truly cares about what they do and who you are and helping you thrive.
They're going to ask the hard questions.
I mean, how many of you have been sitting down for doctor's appointment and they ask something and it's like, you know what?
How much caffeine do you consume in a week?
And you're like, I'm on a first name basis with all the Starbucks bristes.
Did we have to go there?
Sit down with a trainer.
So tell me about how much did you run?
Like how much do you run in a week?
Four times last week, four times last year.
Like they're gonna ask the hard questions because they know that there are things you love.
Your go-to Starbucks drink, watch a Netflix instead of running, eating sugar instead of eating healthy.
There's things you love that keep you from what is actually best for you, that actually allows you to thrive, that you'll sacrifice what's best for something less.
because you love what's less, more.
And just as a doctor or a trainer or a dentist asks the hard questions to get to your heart, to get to what matters most because they want you to be healthy, Jesus is doing the same thing for you now in this.
I consider for a second, if Jesus spiritually examined you, where would he find comparison polluting your life
your pursuits, your relationships.
If Jesus were to say, okay, what's that thing that you love more than me?
What's your treasure that you value above the treasure of Jesus Christ?
What is it?
Is it romance?
Are you just chasing that with everything you are?
That's what you're giving your time and your mental energy and your attention to?
Is it a paycheck and that you're not even caring about where you work or what you're doing, or even if it's ethical, you just want to make more money?
Is it trying to show everybody that, man, you're going on the best trips and at the most exotic locations and don't they wish they could have what you have?
What is it that you obsess with that you're constantly chasing after that you can't feel a sense of security and value and significance unless you can just get that?
What is it?
Because for this young man, it's his popularity and his possessions.
He's not gonna walk away from a YouTube channel with 100,000 subscribers.
He loves that more than what Jesus has for him and who Jesus could be to him.
And so it's heartbreaking because the rich young man actually sacrifices his calling on the altar of comparison.
Jesus or my possessions?
Jesus or my popularity?
Jesus or everything I've worked so hard
to achieve to impress everyone else.
How about you?
Where are you sacrificing your calling on the altar of comparison?
Where are you neglecting God's best?
That thing, that pursuit that God has uniquely made you to do and be, to change the world,
chasing the idol of comparison.
What's great is that Jesus doesn't leave us there.
The story doesn't end there.
Jesus actually invites us into this huddle with his 12 disciples and he starts to have this back and forth with them where what he's trying to do for them and what he's trying to do for you is to reorient your understanding of what a vision for a life of consequence looks like.
All right, let's check out verse 23.
Jesus looked around and said to his disciples how hard it is for the rich to enter the kingdom of God.
This amazed them, but Jesus said it again, dear children, it's very hard to enter the kingdom of God.
All right, what's going on here?
Is Jesus just like hating on rich people?
No, not at all.
Jesus understands this, that when wealth or acquiring wealth or the things wealth can give you becomes what you're obsessed with,
that when the algorithm keeps saying, you got to buy this, you got to go on this trip, you got to have this experience, that it can not only dominate our lives but starve our souls from what matters most and distract us from living a life that actually has eternal consequence.
And the thing is, there's people across the nation right now who are living in circumstances where, on the one hand, maybe their budget's really tight.
And they're just figuring out how they're going to pay for rent and pay for groceries on any given month.
But they're so caught up in comparison that they'll step into something really destructive, like massive debt to say, I'm going to try to afford this trip or this car or this fill in the blank.
And they get so caught up in that that they lose sight of what God has for them, his kingdom, his purposes, his work in and through their lives.
And then on the flip side, people that have lots of financial margin,
Get caught up in this as well.
They can be spending tons of time and energy and resources saying, I've just got to get more and better.
I mean, I got a new boat two years ago, but I need another one now.
I just feel like it.
It would be great.
They're just going after things that do not last.
And Jesus flips that upside down because he's trying to get his disciples and you to realize this, that the true gospel is actually shocking.
It demands more than you expect.
but it offers more than you could imagine.
That actually life is found in what you are laying down your life for, not just what you're acquiring and accumulating.
And this is one of the most evil realities of the way that algorithm can dominate your life.
It's because the algorithm constantly says, you've got to get this.
You've got to have this.
You've got to make this.
You've got to earn this.
You need more.
Take more.
Get more.
Get more for yourself.
And Jesus actually flips that on its head and said, a life worth living is a life that knows something worth giving everything for.
So here's what's crazy is that comparison actually makes you a greedy person because clenched hands getting more and more and more and more cannot receive God's grace or extend that generosity to others.
So here's what's awesome.
Here's something in real time that you can do that actually makes a difference.
You just heard about Coldest Night of the Year, the video that Jeff and I shared.
What an awesome opportunity to not just starve the algorithm, which is telling you to spend your time and energy and resources on yourself, and actually satisfy your soul in doing something that serves and meets the needs of others.
Like instead of saying, like, you know what, I was gonna go seeing that weekend, but why don't I put that ski money towards money for the youth haven, or if you're in Aurelia, towards the lighthouse.
Yeah, I was gonna put that money towards a new pair of Jordans, but why don't I instead,
Give that money too.
Like you want to starve the algorithm and start to satisfy your soul with what matters most, spend your time and energy on giving to people with the greatest need, on being a conduit of God's generosity to you, to the lives of others.
Because here's what's so beautiful about that reality.
When you lay down comparison, is this, is that living faith releases the idol of comparison and embraces
God-given calling.
When you start to say, hey, I don't have to keep up with the Joneses.
I don't need that new car or that bigger house or that experience.
I'm actually gonna say, God, what have you given me and who have you made me to be and how do you wanna change the world through that?
Jesus continues with his disciples and he says this to them.
Jesus looked at them intently and said, humanly speaking, it is impossible to lay down those things you love
that culture and the algorithm says make life worth living, but not with God.
Everything is possible with God.
Then Peter began to speak up.
We've given up everything to follow you, he said.
There's two really compelling dynamics going on here.
The first is Peter's humanity and he's asking a question that you should be asking too.
He's kind of saying, hey, Jesus, what's in it for me?
What's in it for us?
Jesus, I left my fishing business, left my family and community, and I'm here following you, so like if you're not planning to give us sweet houses and lots of wealth and prestige, like what's in it for us?
What's in it for me?
And Jesus has started to anticipate that already when he says everything is possible with God.
Remember, he's reframing the way the disciples see a life of significance.
And what he's trying to help them to understand is that when you choose to follow Jesus, part of that is stepping into a way of life that says anything is possible for God.
So what is God putting on my heart to do?
What are the people that he's burdening my heart for?
What are the awesome opportunities he's putting in front of me?
Where in my own ability can I say, that's not possible?
And Jesus is saying, no, everything's possible for God.
Think about it for a second.
What job might you be working in or pursuing right now if you're confident that everything is possible for God?
Where might you be serving or volunteering, confident that you can make a difference if you believe that everything is possible for God?
Who might you be inviting to connect us, that person that you're like, man, I don't know how this person's life can change, but you believe that everything is possible for God?
Jesus wants you to understand that to step into His way,
of living is to step into the thrill and the risk of knowing that as you're on mission with him, he's gonna show up to do the impossible.
But a word of compassion here, some of you have already been there and you prayed believing that nothing is impossible for God and the outcome was exact opposite to what you prayed.
I know what that's like.
Or you trusted God in a circumstance and you did what was right in it
and you've still not seen justice on the far side of that.
And you're saying, God, is everything possible for you?
And if I'm really honest with you, I have those moments saying, God, I wanna obey you, I wanna trust you, I wanna follow you, and I'm incredibly disappointed with how this turned out.
It's hard for me to believe that everything's possible for you.
And my encouragement to you would be to say, recognize that God hasn't answered that prayer
yet, or God may have shown up in a way that's different from the script you wanted him to follow in your mind, but he is showing up.
Let's be a people that believe that, that everything is possible for God.
But Jesus understands Peter's wrestling and your wrestling, and so he gives a word of hope, actually a promise that is beautiful to conclude this passage.
Look at verse 29 with me.
Yes, Jesus replied, and I assure you that everyone who has given up house or brothers or sisters or mother or father or children or property for my sake and for the good news will receive now in return a hundred times as many houses, brothers, sisters, mothers, children and property along with persecution.
That's important to remember.
And in the world to come, that person will have eternal life.
And then he closes with saying this, but many who are the greatest now
will be the least important then, and those who seem least important now will be the greatest then.
Is Jesus just saying that if you follow him, he's gonna give you a huge biological family or like a hundred houses?
You're like, I'm paying attention to Pastor Jeff.
He doesn't have more than one house.
What's Jesus getting at?
He's getting at the reality that when you say yes to God's calling on your life, there is an abundance.
on the far side of that that can't necessarily be materially measured, but is the fruit of a life of obedience and purpose.
And here's how we know.
1759, baby boy named William was born in England.
And as he grew up, he demonstrated tremendous aptitude.
In his twenties, he stepped into a political career and just was thriving, advancing higher and higher.
And he was living in England at a time when England was becoming the world's superpower.
And politicians around him earmarked him early and they said, this guy, this guy's a future world leader.
This guy is going to hold some really powerful positions in parliament.
This guy might even be the Prime Minister of England, the most powerful person in the world.
You're the most powerful person in the world.
You've got lots of good things coming at you.
Wealth, prestige, honors.
But something changed for William.
Something changed in his 30s.
He discovered his call.
And so he laid down pursuing being prime minister.
He laid down high positions of office.
He laid down the wealth and the popularity that could have come with that.
And he gave the final four decades of his life to this.
Ending the slave trade.
of millions of people in Africa being kidnapped against their will and forced into servitude in South America and North America and Europe.
And he was hated for it.
He was hated for standing up for the voiceless.
He was hated for advocating for the oppressed.
He was hated for doing something that people said, this is going to mess up our economy.
How could you?
He never had the opportunity to run for prime minister.
He made way less money and he experienced all kinds of adversity in his life.
And three days before he died in 1833, British parliament passed the law ending the transatlantic slave trade.
Three days before he died, four decades of adversity and struggle and suffering.
An historian today will tell you that this man, William, who he knows, William Wilberforce, is one of the single most influential people in the history of the Western world because of what he gave his life to.
He gave up being Prime Minister, and he gave up wealth, and he gave up prestige.
But he was pivotal in seeing millions of people set free, that he laid down what he could have to bring freedom to those who were enslaved.
Where did he find that kind of power to live a life of such impact and transformation?
Where can you find the power to live that kind of life of impact and transformation?
Well, we actually have a really powerful indicator in verse 17 of Mark 10.
Let's look at these first few words as Jesus was starting out on the way to Jerusalem.
What's in Jerusalem?
New job, a theme park,
Some award?
New house?
What's in Jerusalem?
What's waiting for Jesus in Jerusalem?
Jesus is going to not just lay down power, not just lay down prestige and comfort and wealth.
Jesus is gonna lay down his life to free humanity, enslaved to sin and death through his selfless love.
and his death on the cross.
And Jesus is going to be raised to new life, defeating those same realities so that you can live a life of freedom and hope.
You see, that's where William Wilberforce found the strength to lay aside the comparison and all the voices saying, chase power, chase wealth, chase popularity to say, I'm gonna give my life
to liberate the enslaved.
The power and the motivation and the conviction for that came from following Jesus who laid down his life to free humanity from the enslavement to sin and death.
Here's what you need to understand today.
Firstly, if you don't know Jesus, he died to set you free and he raised to life to give you the indestructible hope that you can overcome every sin, every broken reality, every regret, every shameful moment that you carry in your heart, to heal you from every wound that you bear and to transform your life to live on mission with him, to change the lives of those around you in light of the change Jesus has crafted in you.
Will you accept that?
Will you choose that?
Will you receive that?
Will you say yes to following Jesus?
And to realize as part of that for all of you following Jesus, it's this reality that Jesus never asks for your surrender without promising you something greater in return.
William Wilberforce was treated as dead last his whole life and hated on.
And yet he had the incredible privilege of being that person that saw millions set free.
He would have traded being Prime Minister, the power, the fame, everything came with it in a heartbeat.
Why?
Because Jesus' call in his life to surrender those things was met with a promise of something far greater that changed the world.
And Jesus does that here and now.
He leads us to be a people that recognize as we follow him in his self-giving love.
Yes, he's calling us to surrender, but he's promising us something far greater
in return.
Jesus wants you to know that comparison kills calling and the places that you and I are caught in comparison is taking away from who you are uniquely made to be and what you are uniquely made to do.
But here's the deal, even as comparison kills calling and Jesus offers you a calling worth losing everything for.
That trip that the algorithm says you'd go on, that's not worth losing everything for.
That new car, that's not worth losing everything for.
Even that romantic lover that doesn't care at all about who Jesus is in your life.
That's not worth losing everything for.
Jesus is someone worth losing everything for.
And so here's my invitation to you, my challenge to you is don't sacrifice your calling on the altar
of comparison.
And if you're honest here in this moment, the reality is many of you are, many of you are chasing romance saying, when I just get this, I'll be satisfied.
And you've been so disappointed because relationships haven't worked out or just relationships haven't materialized at all.
Some of you are running hard after a paycheck and it's just no amount of money is ever enough.
And you're working all this overtime, and you're neglecting your wife and your kids, and you're missing out on meaningful activities in community, because you're just trying to find that thing that a paycheck can't actually give you.
Some of you are facing all kinds of challenges because you're obsessed with your body image.
And you just gotta get to the gym one more time, and you just gotta lose 10 more pounds.
You just gotta fit in that suit or that dress.
And it is crushing your soul, and it is totally distracting you.
from the beautiful and good things that God has made you to do.
And so this is your invitation to lay that down.
In a moment, as we sing, to come to the front, there's people that'll be here to pray with and for you and to get real and get honest.
Honestly, there's no shame in this.
The last time Jeff invited people to the front, I went to the front to say, Jesus, I'm chasing an image.
Jesus, I'm chasing romance.
Jesus, I'm chasing a paycheck.
Jesus, I'm chasing a trip and they won't satisfy in comparison is killing my soul.
But I know that you want to give me something worth losing everything for and I want to live to follow you.
I want my calling that you've given to me to be what I'm deadlocked on.
And I choose to own that calling here and now.
You see, Jesus is someone worth giving everything for because He frees you, He frees you from comparison to live for what you were made for.
To be a William Wilberforce here and now today.
So in a moment as the band begins to sing the first lyrics of the song are I'm removing, I'm laying down all of the things that could move me further from you.
And ultimately, I'm bringing my life to you to the altar.
There's gonna be individuals either side of this stage.
Don't feel like you have to wait.
As soon as the music starts, come, pray with them.
Jesus, I'm following you.
I'm living for you.
I want your calling for my life.
Don't sacrifice your calling on the altar of comparison.
Live for the one who gives you something worth losing everything.
Holy Spirit, we just wanna say thank you.
We recognize the gift of your word.
We recognize the gift of Jesus.
We recognize that in a world where we're constantly being told to chase temporary things, that you invite us to be people who live in light of eternity for what matters most.
And God, we confess the reality that it's so easy to sacrifice the calling you've put in our lives on the altar of comparison.
God, would you forgive us?
Would you transform our hearts and our minds?
Give us a new vision for who you are and what you want to do in and through our lives.
Thank you for Jesus, who himself lived this, laying aside his life to give forgiveness, to give new hope, to give freedom, to give a future.
We want that.
Keep us from anything that would
cause us to not go hard after you.
And in this moment, as you are working in our hearts and lives, give us the courage to step forward in response.
We choose to make you our treasure.
Amen.